---
title:  "Changes"
date:   2019-08-18
categories: [jekyll]
tags: [ General Bullshit]
---

Have to change some things. Things always have to change, but sometimes for the better. Change is very rarely asked for. More often than not its needed, basically. I find myself in the same situation. 


There exists a trigger reflex within me that would display some bright neon lettering in my mind that spelled out “Pretentious, narcissistic dipshit”, whenever I heard someone excrete the age old saying of ‘I found myself’ or ‘I’m on a journey to discover the real me’. 
To this day that reflex does still exist, however the neon lights are somewhat dimmed by a second reflex which invites me not to be a hypocrite.

I’ve spent most of my life sort of going through the motions, as I’m sure many do. The few times I tried to actually make an impact or define myself a little more were usually met with disinterest or unmet expectations from those beholden to the experiment. Of course I’m simply speaking from my own experience here as there are many individuals who would love to keep existing in their comfort zone, but that’s what they’ll be doing: existing. That’s what I want to change. I don’t want to simply exist and one day look over my shoulder to find my best years behind me and slowly sink further in to the hated ocean of regret we all swim in at one point or another. 


It serves as a truly beautiful cliché to prompt yourself to ask the questions that are meant to inspire you towards self-development in a way that has you staring at a freshly laid corner stone in your life. Questions such as; “Are you happy with your career?”, “Are you content with the way you look and act?”, “Do you find your current way of living persuadable for years to come?”. Regardless or whatever your answers to these may be, the follow up question you will always find your self asking afterwards, will always be the hardest: “Why not?”… Personally I’ve avoided asking myself these questions for most of my life, avoiding them whenever possible. I knew the answers, and 9 times out of 10 they were not positive. 


I’ve decided to finally confront these self-imposed restrictions and break the worst habit I seem to show a fond addiction towards, which is living in my comfort zone. This has probably been the most detrimental passion I have in life, and I plan to squash it empirically. 
I can go on and on about all the boring and personally relevant changes I plan to undergo, but they don’t matter on a public scale. I simply plan to discover aspects of myself I haven’t explored at all and investigate if whether they would really affect who I have become up until this point. Externally and internally, this will be my challenge. 


Anyways, this is all pretty serious and a bit pretentious to those reading probably so feel free to return to your Twitter and Pornhub as palette cleansers. 


More to come. 